in this video let us discuss some general functions of
Deque data structure
The first one is the  isEmpty function
This function will check whether the Deque is empty or not
If it is empty it will return true
Otherwise it will return false the Deque is empty when either
the front or rear pointer is Null we can just null
check anyone of the pointers
Here we will take the front pointer and check
it
if front equal to null return true
Otherwise we can return false that's it and the next
function is get front
The get front function will return the value of front
node so
First we need to check whether the deque empty or
not
If it's empty we can return minus one
Otherwise we can return the front node data
So at the end returned front data that's it and
the last one is Get rear Function
get rear function will return the value present at the rear
Node
So check if deque empty if it's empty
return minus one
Otherwise return data present in the rear node that is
rear data
That's it and this is all about deque data structure
You can find the full implementation code in the next module.